# Workshop-for-women-startups

Women nowadays have given a tough fight to every negative conception about them, they have proved themselves in every sphere of life, including the complicated field of entrepreneurship. As per a recent research done, the last 10 years have seen companies which were led by female, perform 65 percent better than companies which were led by men in terms of return on investment, with women presenting a supreme willingness and capacity to organize, grow, and manage a business enterprise. However, even today, women establish only 14% of the total businesspersons in India.
Today, women entrepreneurs are carving for better positions across the globe. We must realize that it is high time now for the substantial potential to mobilize the untouched skill and talent of women entrepreneurs in India. Several studies and researches have disclosed that India’s Gross domestic product can increase by 20% to 25% just by giving equal job opportunities to women. The hindrances are mainly caused by sensitivities of gender favoritism, which leads to poor social and cultural receiving.
To solve these problems, there are several national startup missions is progressing to let out a unique capacity development program for the startup which are led by women entrepreneurs. These workshops for start-ups will identify and support women who aspire to establish a startup and women who have already established their startup journeys by- 
1. Organizing workshops for women start-ups and forming a community of women entrepreneurs for encouraging peer to peer culture and teamwork.
2. Nurturing, mentorship and providing business sustenance services so the women entrepreneurs can effortlessly accessible and connect the local ecosystem.
3. Spreading information about several initiatives and opportunities and helping women entrepreneurs to make the best use of these opportunities.
It is time for women entrepreneurs to fulfill their ambitions without fear losing the benchmarks set for them by somebody else, and establish giant corporation in future.
Training programs: There are two types of training programs for women entrepreneurs in different stages of business.
Training Program 1: Trigger Your Startup!
This training program is for women who have a business that is not generating any revenue or for women who have an idea or a plan to start a business 
Training Program 2: REACH!
This training program aims for the women entrepreneurs who have established a tech or technology-based business.  This program is for women whose businesses are generating revenue, but the business requires additional push to stimulate the growth in terms of revenue and job creation.
Contemporarily a wave of establishing start-ups instinct has hit several youths, who see themselves as potential business tycoons of the future. Every day, men and women from diverse walks of life jump into the pool of inestimable opportunities and encounters. However, owing to the age-old gender inequality present in the field of business, women entrepreneurs are destined to confront twice as many encounters, as men. Thus, the <a href="https://www.empoweress.in/about-empoweress/">workshops for women start-up’s</a> aim of breaking the conventional and male-controlled outlook of the society, and help women entrepreneur endure these challenges. workshops for start-ups are mentoring women entrepreneurship platform that aims to change the lives of women entrepreneurs over peer to peer system. 
If women entrepreneurs have a specific business idea, or have been in business for a few years but have never written a business plan, these workshops for women start-up’s are for you. These workshops introduce you to the critical components of a good business plan. Each workshop will help you to learn something new and move forward in your business with confidence. Initially with the basics on how to conduct an informative marketing research for your business, framing the basic marketing strategy to reach-out your best customer, and reconnoitering how to create financial strategies that will sustenance the feasibility of the business.
